In this project, my goal was to tell a story that most new organizations are not telling:  why lesbian bars are on the rise around the country as well as look at historic data to investigate what challenges lesbian-owned businesses face. I used data from the Damron Guide as well as The Lesbian Bar Project to make charts and map the locations of all the existing lesbian bars. 
A challenge that I faced when it came to counting exactly how many lesbian bars have existed throughout the country was that there is no universal definition of what’s considered a lesbian bar. A lesbian bar can be a bar that’s only for women, one that’s only for gay women, and also one where gay women are simply welcome. As a result, I had to talk to experts and make methodological choices on what was the most accurate way to count those bars and present the data. In addition, finding historic data was also a challenge in that most queer bars used to be underground. Therefore, there are very few sources that track this data. However, with the help of experts’ research, I was able to get reliable data that helped me track all the existing lesbian bars in the country. To make my reporting more credible, I explained how the project defines the term “lesbian bar.”
Aside from queer and gender studies researchers, I interviewed patrons at three different lesbian bars in New York to understand why they choose to spend their dollars at those bars. I also took my own pictures and used scrollytelling in Javascript to make the visuals more compelling. 
